Edit config (#13)
FAIRDataPipeline/FDP_hugo: content/docs/interface/example1/_index.md

- returns file path

### `read_array()`

*responsible for reading the correct data product, which at this point has been downloaded from the remote data store by `fair pull`*

- reads a specified version of the data
- updates `handle`

### `link_write()`

- updates `handle` with useful metadata
- returns a path to write to

### `write_array()`

*responsible for writing an array as a component to an hdf5 file*

- writes component to the hdf5 file
- updates `handle`
  - if this is the first component to be written, update `handle` with storage location
  - if this is not the first component to be written, reference the storage location from the `handle`
  - if the component is already recorded in the handle, return the index of this handle reference invisibly

### `raise_issue()`

*responsible for writing issue related metadata to the handle*

- records issue and data product / component related metadata in the handle
- note that where an issue is associated with an entire object, the `whole_object` component is referenced; the `whole_object` component is generated automatically whenever a new Object is created

> - data products or components may be referenced explicitly or via an index (invisibly output from `write_array()` for example)
> - multiple components or data products may be linked to a single issue

Reviewer: I'm not sure how you do this, but it's probably not the only possible way:
```suggestion
- components or whole data products may be referenced by name or via a reference (for instance returned by `write_array()`)
- multiple components or data products may be linked to a single issue, either via two functions - one to raise issues and one to attach them - or via arguments to `raise_issue()` that allow multiple components to be attached
```

Author: It's not the only possible way, but it's an _example_. I did it this way because you asked me to.

Reviewer: I don't mind how people do it - I wasn't meaning to force you to do it one particular way, I was just suggesting one possible solution. Anyway, hopefully this edit makes it clear that the other developers have options?

Reviewer: Or have you merged this separately without accepting this suggestion?

Author: I clicked on the commit suggestion button from your previous edit.

Author: Also, I don't know what you mean by:

> via two functions - one to raise issues and one to attach them

since I'm currently raising issues via arguments to `raise_issue()` that allow multiple components to be attached, which are then attached in `finalise()`

Reviewer: Hmm, weird. I thought it showed up as accepted when you did that.
